data crammed locations for Nar Shaddaa
this first data cron is Empire only and
unfortunately I don't have video footage
of the Republic data cron yet so just
check out the annotations and only to
that if you're looking for the Republic
one this first one go to the Karelian
sector and follow path I'm taking right
here this data column can take quite a
while to get similar to the one on
Tatooine where you have to wait a while
you're gonna be jumping on top of this
kiosk up here and then waiting for this
and we're jumping on top of this little
covered area right here and then waiting
for a floating kiosk to come by and just
sitting on that for a long time actually
it only takes six minutes after you've
jumped on top of a floating kiosk to
actually take you to where the data cron
is but it can take a while for the kiosk
to get to the point where you can
actually jump on it in the first place
this for a static cron gives you a m--
plus three
the Second Empire only data Kron
strength plus three takes the network
access taxi and then kind of follow the
path I'm taking just follow this right
wall and eventually you'll come to an
area where you can drop down a couple
times you may need to heal to survive
some of these drops depending on how
high up a level you are and then when
you get to the very bottom take this
taxi is hidden taxi and after a short
trip it'll take you to a hidden platform
kind of reminiscent of the platform that
Luke hangs on at the end of the Empire
Strikes Back as I thought so anyway and
then I'll pick up the data cron and
don't jump off to your death or teleport
out there's a little beacon you can use
to teleport off of this platform safely
this third data cron is in the Duras
sector again Empire only follow the path
that I'm going to take and up here in a
couple seconds you'll see a large ramp
on the right-hand side and that's where
you want to go you're doing a little bit
more platforming for this one and I'm
absolutely terrible platforming so I
don't feel frustrated because it's gonna
it took me a lot longer to record this
video than it's gonna take you to
actually pick these things up because
I'm just awful at it in this game for
some reason this static run is a
presence plus three data cron so now you
can start to slowly jump your way up
these boxes and after you get to the top
these boxes you have to make a tricky
jump onto these small support beams and
fortunately unlike some of the other
platforming areas you don't fall too far
when you screw this jump up
so what I like to do is kind of line
myself up and aim for like kind of a
myself to jump straight on to these
catwalks instead of like have to stop on
a dime once I land on them anyway when
you make your way up to the top you're
gonna be looking for a little elevator
you know jump on top of these boxes
again jump on this canopy and then make
your way up here and off in the distance
you can see a green elevator and there
is a button on this elevator that you
can press and take you to a hidden area
and as soon as you come out of this
elevator you can kind of see the data
crown off in the distance now just keep
in mind that below you is actually a
heroic plus for area so after you pick
up the data crown you may not want to
just jump down you may want to backtrack
back to that elevator that took you to
this heroic area and after you picked
this data crown up get another presence
plus three
these next two data crowns are Empire
and Republic neutrals so regardless of
which faction you chose you can pick
this one up and you actually have to get
these two these next two data crowns in
this order so this is the fourth data
crown on this level and you have to get
this one before you get the fifth data
crown because you get a special item at
the fourth data crown that unlocks that
actually lets you get the fifth data
crown you can see the fifth data crown
before getting it but you can't actually
unlock it so follow this path I'm taking
down this elevator in the bottom right
corner choose the network security
district stop on the elevator and then
shuttle forward and keep going straight
and up ahead you're going to notice or
there's a very distinct fork in the road
remember this point because the left
fork is where you're gonna get the final
data kron4 Nar Shaddaa
but for now we're gonna be going off to
the right
so take the right fork in the road like
I just said and I'm gonna leave this
part of the video kind of only to X
speed instead of the normal 4 X beat
that I do because I found that this is
actually kind of a winding and twisting
area it's not super easy to find your
way through all these kind of twisted
tunnels and then eventually you'll come
up to a stack of boxes that you're gonna
have to jump up and eventually enter the
incinerator room
and now you're in the incinerator room
if you don't have very good health you
can die pretty quickly in here so keep
in mind that as soon as you walk through
this blue force field in front of you
you will start taking damage slowly so
we want to do is just run to the end of
the room click this console and then
choose the number 3 2 6 3 8 2 7
apparently different people get
different correct number choices but
when I did it and it's something other
guides I've seen online that is the only
correct choice now pick up the data
crown but also click this old prize
machine and you'll get a special item
that you have to use to unlock the final
data crown now for the final data Krahn
after that fork in the road that I
remember that I told you to remember
take the left fork and shortly up ahead
there is a series of boxes that you're
gonna have the platform up and again I'm
awful at platforming in this game so I
struggled more with this than you are
going to make your way to the top and
you'll see the data cron locked in an
old prize machine and if you did these
data crowns in the correct order like I
told you to then you will have the item
necessary to unlock the final data crown
which is a yellow matrix shard